Fix broken links in Updating and Upgrading guide (#1585)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Upgrading_and_Updating/topics/upgrading_a_disconnected_satellite.adoc

.Before You Begin

* Review and update your firewall configuration before upgrading your {ProjectServer}.

> For more information, see {InstallingDisconnectedDocURL}Ports_and_Firewalls_Requirements_satellite[Ports and Firewalls Requirements] in _Installing {ProjectServer} in a Disconnected Network Environment_.

Reviewer: This hardcoded context is really weird but IMHO correct. I assume this is due to disconnected being officially unsupported for Foreman/Katello.

```
➜  foreman-documentation git:(master) git grep -n "Ports_and_Firewalls_Requirements_{context}"
guides/common/modules/ref_ports-and-firewall-requirements.adoc:1:[id="Ports_and_Firewalls_Requirements_{context}"]

➜  foreman-documentation git:(master) cat guides/doc-Installing_Server_Disconnected/master.adoc | grep "^:context:"
:context: satellite
```

Reviewer 2: > I assume this is due to disconnected being officially unsupported for Foreman/Katello.

Note that I think it could be supported, but the instructions aren't there. And repositories are completely different between the various build flavors.

Author: Anything for me to do here?

Reviewer: No, this is ok!

> For more information, see {BaseURL}installing_satellite_server_from_a_disconnected_network/index#satellite-ports-and-firewalls-requirements_satellite[Ports and Firewalls Requirements] in _Installing {ProjectServer} in a Disconnected Network Environment_ guide.

Reviewer 2: Apologies for the partial review earlier, but we even have `InstallingDisconnectedDocURL` which is even more precise.
```suggestion
For more information, see {InstallingDisconnectedDocURL}satellite-ports-and-firewalls-requirements_satellite[Ports and Firewalls Requirements] in _Installing {ProjectServer} in a Disconnected Network Environment_ guide.
```

In https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/pull/856 I intended to clean it up, but never got the traction to get merged. I still think it's a good idea so I rebased that. I don't mind rebasing later if this is merged, but also feel free to pull in the first commit of that.

Author: No worries, I will get right on it.

# {foreman-maintain} service stop
----

> . Obtain the latest ISO files by following the https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_satellite/{AccessRedHatComVersion}/html-single/installing_satellite_server_in_a_disconnected_network_environment/index#downloading-the-binary-dvd-images_satellite[Downloading the Binary DVD Images] procedure in the _Installing {ProjectServer} in a Disconnected Network Environment_ guide.

Reviewer 2: While you're at it, I think this (and some others below) can be changed to:
```suggestion
. Obtain the latest ISO files by following the {BaseURL}installing_satellite_server_in_a_disconnected_network_environment/index#downloading-the-binary-dvd-images_satellite[Downloading the Binary DVD Images] procedure in the _Installing {ProjectServer} in a Disconnected Network Environment_ guide.
```

. Create directories to serve as a mount point, mount the ISO images, and configure the `rhel7-server` or the `rhel8` repository:
+
.For {EL} 8

> Follow the {InstallingDisconnectedDocURL}configuring-the-base-operating-system-with-offline-repositories-in-rhel-8_satellite[Configuring the Base Operating System with Offline Repositories in RHEL 8] procedure in _{InstallingServerDisconnectedDocTitle}_.

Reviewer: If you want, you could use `{RHEL}` instead of RHEL (same below). your call.

Author: I have no problem making the change, but shouldn't we reference the sections by their exact names?

Reviewer: yeah, that makes sense. So no change necessary.

----
+
If the script fails due to missing or outdated packages, you must download and install these separately.

> For more information, see the {InstallingDisconnectedDocURL}resolving-package-dependency-errors_satellite[Resolving Package Dependency Errors] section in the _Installing {ProjectServer} in a Disconnected Network Environment_ guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see {InstallingDisconnectedDocURL}resolving-package-dependency-errors_satellite[Resolving Package Dependency Errors] in _Installing {ProjectServer} in a Disconnected Network Environment_.
```

Maybe it'd be a good idea to add `InstallingDisconnectedDocTitle` as attribute to `guides/common/attributes-titles.adoc`.

Author: Hello! I added the attribute in a separate commit. Do you suggest squashing it to into the first commit or should I leave it as it is?

Reviewer: Oh, I think I made an error here: `InstallingServerDisconnectedDocTitle` is already defined in `guides/common/attributes-titles.adoc`. So suggesting `InstallingDisconnectedDocTitle` was wrong on my behalf. Sorry for causing confusion!

It would probably be best to someday move this to "attributes-base.adoc", but that's not something that needs to be done within this PR.

Author: Understood. I updated the commits with the correct attribute.
